[Music]
hear the word of the Lord thus says the
Lord tomorrow about this time
ASEA of fine flour shall be sold for a
shekel and two seers of barley for a
shekel at the gate of Samaria so an
officer on whose hand the King leaned
answered the man of God look if the Lord
would make Windows in heaven
could this thing be in fact you shall
see it with your eyes but you shall not
eat of it now there were four letras men
at the entrance of the gate and they
said to one another why are we sitting
here until we die if we say we will
enter the city the famine is in the city
and we shall die there and if we sit
here read I also now
come let us surrender to the army of the
Syrians if they keep us alive we shall
live and if they kill us we shall only
die and they rose a twilight to go to
the camp of the Syrians and when they
had come to the outskirts of the Syrian
camp to their surprise no one was there
for the Lord had caused the army of the
Syrians to hear the noise of chariots
and the noise of horses the noise of a
great army so they said to one another
look the king of Israel has hired
against us the kings of the Hittites and
the kings of the Egyptians to attack us
therefore they arose and fled at
Twilight and left the camp intact their
tents their horses and their donkeys and
they fled for their lives
and when these lepers came to the
outskirts of the camp they went into one
tent and ate and drank and carried from
its silver and gold and clothing and
went and hid them and they came back and
entered another tent and carried some
from there also and went and hid it then
they said to one another we are not
doing right this day is a day of good
news and we remain silent if we wait
until morning light
some punishment will come upon us now
therefore come let us go and tell the
king's household so they went and called
to the gatekeepers of the city and told
them we went to the Syrian camp and
surprisingly no one was there not a
human sound only horses and donkeys tied
and the tents intact and the gatekeepers
called out and they told it to the Kings
household inside so the king arose in
the night and said to his servants let
me now tell you what the Syrians have
done to us they know that we are hungry
therefore they have gone out of the camp
to hide themselves in the field saying
when they come out of the city we shall
catch them alive and get into the city
and one of his servants answered please
let several men take five of the
remaining horses which are left in the
city look they may either become like
all the multitude of Israel that are
left in it or indeed I say they may
become like all the multitude of Israel
left from those who are consumed so let
us send them and see
therefore they took two chariots with
horses and the king sent them in the
direction of the Syrian army go and see
and they went after them to the Jordan
and indeed all the road was full of
garments and weapons which the Syrians
had thrown away in their haste so the
messengers returned and told the king
then the people went out and plundered
the tents of the Syrians so a seer of
fine flour was sold for a shekel and two
seers of barley for a shekel according
to the word of the Lord
now the king had appointed the officer
on whose hand he leaned to have charge
of the gate but the people trampled him
in the gate and he dived just as the man
of God had said who spoke when the king
came down to him so it happened just as
the man of God had spoken to the king
two seers of barley for a shekel and
Assia of fine flour for a shekel shall
be sold tomorrow about this time in the
gate of Samaria then that officer had
answered the man of God now look if the
Lord would make Windows in heaven
could such a thing be and he had said in
fact you shall see it with your eyes but
you shall not eat of it and so it
happened to him for the people trampled
him and the gate and he died
[Music]